Revert Revert "Add Infisical Docs" (#14762)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/esc/integrations/dynamic-login-credentials/infisical-login.md

---
title_tag: infisical-login Pulumi ESC Provider
meta_desc: The infisical-login Pulumi ESC Provider enables you to log in to Infisical using OIDC or static credentials.
title: infisical-login
h1: infisical-login
meta_image: /images/docs/meta-images/docs-meta.png
menu:
  esc:
    identifier: infisical-login
    parent: esc-dynamic-login-credentials
    weight: 2
aliases:
  - /docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/providers/infisical-login/
  - /docs/esc/providers/infisical-login/
---

The `infisical-login` provider enables you to log in to Infisical using OpenID Connect or by providing static

> credentials. The provider will return a set of credentials that can be used to access Infisical secrets using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
credentials. The provider will return a set of credentials that can be used to run Infisical CLI commands using the [esc run](/docs/esc/cli/commands/esc_run/) command and also pull it secrets from Infisical using the
```

| `static`  | [InfisicalLoginStatic](#infisicalloginstatic) | [Optional] - A static set of credentials to use to log in to Infisical.                                                    |

### InfisicalLoginOIDC

| Property            | Type     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                              |
|---------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `identityId`        | string   | The identityId of the Identity to assume.                                                                                                                                                                |
| `subjectAttributes` | string[] | [Optional] - Subject attributes to be included in the OIDC token. For more information see the [OpenID subject customization](/docs/esc/environments/configuring-oidc/#custom-token-claim) documentation |

### InfisicalLoginStatic

> 

Reviewer: On your Infisical Identity, add a new Auth method and select `Universal Auth`. Create a new Client secret and copy both the clientID and clientSecret from Universal Auth.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On your Infisical Identity, add a new Auth method and select `Universal Auth`. Create a new Client secret and copy both the clientID and clientSecret from Universal Auth. 
```
